[Part 1. Story of your life]
Tell me the story of your life from as early as you remember to today, including all the important choices you’ve made along the way. (8 minutes)
Response:  Bradley was born in a small city in the Hunan province of China. His father was in New York finishing his MBA at the time he was born, and his mother flew back to Boston to finish her degree as well two weeks after he was born. He was raised by his grandparents until he was two years old (had his birthday on the plane), when he flew to New Jersey and was reunited with his parents. He grew up moving around a lot, through various areas in New Jersey until his younger sister was born when he was 7 – he remembers this day vividly and being checked out of 2nd grade early to go meet his baby sister. Around a year later, his father got a job offer in Georgia, and his family moved to a suburb in Atlanta which is still his home today. At that point, he had moved almost 5 times and had experienced meeting lots of friends and saying lots of goodbyes, which was weird and he feels has had some lasting influence on him. His parents were always strict, traditional “tiger-parents”, but he feels lucky to have been afforded the opportunities to try out so many things, and figure out what he enjoyed and didn’t enjoy. By high school, he had narrowed down his interests to music (violin), swimming, creative writing, and public speaking in the form of mock trial. His parents also threw him into Boy Scouts sometime in early middle school, and he remembers some of those experiences as the most memorable ones in his childhood. Around freshman year of high school, he visited Stanford and realized it was his dream school – he took a picture on Palm Drive and 4 years later, recreated it as a prefrosh. Throughout his time at Stanford he has realized that he actually really enjoys CS (he had always thought he would hate it), and each year has taught him lessons both inside and out of the classroom. He feels like he has truly grown a lot as a person over his time in college.
 
[Part 2. School life]
What is your major, and what do you study? (2 minutes)
Response: Bradley is a Master’s in Computer Science
 
Who are your friends, and why are they important to you? (4 minutes)
Response: Bradley enjoys keeping a tight-knit but reliable circle of friends. His friendships at Stanford are largely the same as they were from his first two years, and he feels that these bonds have grown stronger over time. His friendships air less on the side of a friend group, but since his close friends tend to run in similar social circles, this makes spending time together even more natural and easy. His friends are important to him for many different reasons specific from person-to-person, but they share the common traits of making him smile and laugh, have been there for him in his hardest times, and are down to have fun and have a good time.
 
What is your daily life like? (4 minutes)
Response:  Bradley wakes up between 8:30-9 every day and depending on the day, goes to class or knocks out some work before lunch. In the afternoon, Bradley usually likes to grab a caffeinated beverage (coffee or diet coke) and if not in class, park and work at one of Tressider, the GSB, and the Law School. Then, before dinner, he usually goes on a run or to the gym, and then continues the grind at Green on weekdays, otherwise unwind and have fun.
 
[Part 3. Rapid-fire round]
When was the last time you cried, and why? (2 minutes)
Response:  The last time Bradley cried was a few hours before this interview. He is going through a relationship breakup and stumbled upon a TikTok video with the quote “I like to pretend I already died and asked god to send me back to earth so I can swim in lakes again and see mountains and get my heart broken and love my friends and cry so hard in the bathroom and go grocery shopping 1,000 more times. and that I promised I would never forget the miracle of being here”. He found the quote to be beautiful and gave him important perspective.
 
What qualities do you value most in other people? (2 minutes)
Response:  Authenticity, honesty, loyalty, kindness, ambition
 
Where have you lived? (2 minutes)
Response:  China, New Jersey (Springfield & Parsippany), Montgomery, Atlanta (Dunwoody & Alpharetta), Chicago, Stanford 
 
What would you do if you didn’t have to work? (2 minutes)
Response:  If Bradley didn’t have to work, he would travel everywhere. His goal is to visit all seven continents including Antarctica. On the side, he would work on a personal project combining his interests in fashion, fragrances, and technology.
[Part 4. Personal values and closing]
What are your life values? (4 minutes)
Response:  Bradley strongly values authenticity, and he enjoys company most when he feels comfortable being his true self. He feels that even in the professional world, where it is often necessary to learn to cater to different dynamics and types of people, it is important to do so without losing sight of personal values and identity. He also believes heavily in balance, and that in every negative situation, there is a silver lining that will come with patience and a certain willingness to see it.



